Update pipeline.md (#638)
unicode-org/unicodetools: docs/pipeline.md

---
PR preparation:

> - [ ] If a Proposal document — Cite L2 number in the format XXXX

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] If a Proposal document — Cite L2 number in the format L2/yy-nnn
```

> - [ ] If for a UTC decision — Cite in the format UTC-\d\d\d-[MC]\d+

Reviewer: I think we want both of these, not either-or --> so I wouldn't add the "If" -- I would leave the parts before the em dashes as is.

Reviewer 2: Seconded.

> - [ ] If a Proposal document — Cite L2 number in the format L2/yy-nnn
> - [ ] If for a UTC decision — Cite in the format UTC-\d\d\d-[MC]\d+

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ ] Proposal document — Cite L2 number in the format L2/yy-nnn
- [ ] UTC decisions — Cite in the format UTC-\d\d\d-[MC]\d+
  - unless preparing a PR for SAH recommendations not yet presented to the UTC.
```

- [ ] data-for-new — Set label

> - [ ] pipeline-* — Set label to **pipeline-provisionally-assigned** or **pipeline-`<version>`**, depending on whether provisional or not.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ ] pipeline-* — Set label to **pipeline-sah-recs** if the characters are not yet in the pipeline, and **pipeline-provisionally-assigned**, or **pipeline-`<version>`** depending on their status in [the Pipeline](https://unicode.org/alloc/Pipeline.html#future).
```
